>>>>[THEME MUSIC] And I think
many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>It felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY:
Well, welcome back
to another edition
of "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
And as you know,
watching this program
or listening to me on
"Coast to Coast AM,"
you know that I'm obsessed
with alternative medicine.
I think it's so
important that we
have the abilities to
take care of ourselves,
to treat ourselves.
OK, I like mainstream medicine.
Don't get me wrong.
But I think every
individual should
be looking at
alternatives before they
dive into Big Pharma and
other areas of medicine.
Our guest today is going to be
talking with us about subjects
that, literally,
will curl your hair
or scare the living
daylights out of you.
Erin Elizabeth is with us.
She, of course, is
the editor and founder
of healthnutnews.com and also,
an investigative reporter.
You do a lot of stuff, Erin.
>>ERIN ELIZABETH:
Yes, definitely
a jack-of-all-trades.
>>NOORY: I want to
start with a story
that we had you on
"Coast to Coast"
some time ago that
is one of the most
frightening, under-the-table
stories that's
happening right now.
And that is the bizarre
disappearances and deaths
of holistic doctors.
How many people are we
talking about to date?
>>ELIZABETH: The number now
is 10, George, right now.
The last-- just maybe
10, 11 days ago--
was found stabbed to
death in her home.
>>NOORY: Unbelievable.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And most of
them, or all of them,
have died under
mysterious circumstances?
>>ELIZABETH: As
far as we know, all
under mysterious circumstances.
And even the ones who just--
one was found dead in his car.
And they thought, well,
maybe he had a heart attack.
The family has come
forward on the news,
saying they want
an investigation.
His loved ones saying that they
aren't accepting this answer.
That there's no
reason he should just
drop dead in its vehicle
that wasn't running and was--
so yeah.
>>NOORY: And Erin,
some of these people
were being investigated
by the federal government
or their offices
had been raided.
So some strange things have
been happening to them.
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
In fact, that one
I just mentioned
had had some run-ins with
the feds in the past.
And then, Dr. Bradstreet,
just before he
died-- the first
of the 10-- yes,
he had just had his office
raided by the feds, by the FDA,
just before.
>>NOORY: These holistic
doctors, were any of them MDs?
Or were they just
primarily holistic?
>>ELIZABETH: I think I'd almost
say the majority-- or at least
a good amount-- were MDs.
And we had a few DOs,
and then a couple
of chiropractors as well,
and one holistic, very
outspoken dentist.
>>NOORY: All right, so MDs
who decided, you know what?
I got a degree in medicine.
I've had an opportunity
over the years
to look at what's out there.
And I think there's
something wrong.
There's something
wrong with the way
we're trying to treat people.
I'm going to start
practicing some other way.
I'm going to tell people that
they can change their life
holistically, which might mean
supplements or alternative
forms of medicine.
So they stuck their necks out.
And most of them were pretty
vocal in their communities
where they lived, weren't they?
>>ELIZABETH: Yes, they were.
Some even had radio shows or did
speaking at large conferences.
So yeah, and a few
were very well-known,
like Suzanne Somers
doctor, Nick Gonzales,
who said a number of times
before he died, including
in his last interview, no
less than five times that Big
Pharma-- he'd heard-- wanted
to have him hit by a bus.
In other words,
he said that he'd
heard they wanted him dead.
>>NOORY: My niece--
and I've never
told anybody this-- has
been a holistic doctor
and had a huge
practice in Atlanta.
And she has disappeared.
We know where she is.
She has disappeared on
her own, because she
saw what was going on with
these holistic doctors
and feared for her own life.
She told us several months ago
that something was happening.
I don't want to
get you involved.
tell you about it.
But I need to get out of dodge.
And she's gone!
We think she's in another
country, but we're not sure.
But it's baffling.
So this has come home to us too.
>>ELIZABETH: Wow.
I hope that's she's
all right and-- yeah.
>>NOORY: And a great
holistic doctor.
I mean, she has
taken care of people.
You know, they can't
use that word "cure."
Because that's what
gets them in trouble.
So I will say, she
has helped a lot
of people out of their
own particular situations.
So I can feel for
these families,
with some of these
people who have died now.
What about those
who have vanished?
Has that happened yet?
Are we getting reports at all
about these holistic doctors
are disappearing?
>>ELIZABETH: Well,
there are the three
in Mexico, who we're not
sure who are holistic.
And then, there were
the two in the US.
Most of the ones who've been
found dead were holistic.
But out of the two
missing in the US,
we're not sure that
those two are holistic.
But they did
disappear, literally,
on the day of a few
the others' deaths.
And sometimes, we'd have more
than one found dead in a day.
So on one of those, Dr.
Jeffrey Whiteside, who
treated cancer and
a number of things--
he was found in Wisconsin.
And it took three weeks.
Even though they'd searched
this little peninsula for three
weeks, suddenly,
they found him--
with bloodhounds
and drones-- they
found him in the same area right
where he had just walked away.
And they said that there was
a .22 caliber by his body.
And then--
>>NOORY: How bizarre.
>>ELIZABETH: --they
did officially
rule that one a suicide.
But a lot of people
are writing me
from that community who
aren't buying it, some of whom
knew him.
So yeah, it's very strange.
And it took three
weeks to find the body.
>>NOORY: Is there a
common denominator,
that you know of, between all
these people who are dying?
>>ELIZABETH: Well, I
wouldn't say with all.
But a number of them--
besides being outspoken--
did use alternative
methods, like cannabis oil.
And then, the other link that
it appears more than one used
was GcMAF, which is a natural
enzyme that Dr. Bradstreet,
especially, was using.
I think they were
looking for that
when they rated the office.
That some believe can
help with autism--
>>NOORY: And fight cancers
and stuff like that.
>>ELIZABETH: --fight
cancer as well.
Cancer, autism, yeah.
So it's been made
illegal here in the US,
though it used to be legal.
>>NOORY: What is your theory?
What do you think is happening?
>>ELIZABETH: I don't
know if all are linked.
I mean, I can't say
definitively that any are.
But if there are
some that are linked,
I bet there's not just one
smoking gun, like GcMAF
or cannabis oil, but it could be
a combination of these things.
That maybe they
were too vocal to--
>>NOORY: And somebody wants them
out of the picture-- someone.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: To me,
whenever anything
happens, it's a greed
situation, it's a "who benefits"
situation.
So let's analyze for a moment--
if these doctors are dying
and they're holistic
and they're getting
people helped with
alternative ideas, who
would be upset about that?
Big Pharma?
>>ELIZABETH: I
would imagine that--
>>NOORY: Government?
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
Both of those are possibilities.
Yeah, they would be.
>>NOORY: And so, you quickly
just eliminate these people one
at a time, to the
point where you then
start scaring off others--
like my niece-- to stop
doing what they're doing.
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
There have been other doctors
who have come to me too,
who have said they're
afraid to practice.
And I don't want to
have everybody fearful.
But on the other hand,
they want to be safe.
>>NOORY: You were one of
the first in the country,
on Health Nut News--
and you're going
to have to tell me about that
name-- who broke this story.
That's how I found out about it.
Somebody sent me an email with
a link to Health Nut News.
And I looked at it.
And at that time, you
had reported on, maybe,
two doctors that
had been killed.
And I said, this
is a huge story.
And we had you on
"Coast to Coast."
Now, I get continuous
emails from people
wanting to know what's
going on with this thing.
But it seems to
be getting larger.
I think when you
were on, we we're
talking about six
or seven doctors.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: So now
we're at 10 already?
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
Yeah, it's amazing.
I know.
It's surreal.
I kind of feel like I'm in
the Twilight Zone some days.
>>NOORY: And you know,
there's that fine line.
You know, I am sure that there
are some doctors out there who
have crossed the line,
who have tried to benefit
on people's situations.
And they may not be ethical.
They may not be above-board.
But it doesn't mean
you kill them, at all.
But I think, by and large,
most of these holistic doctors
are well-intentioned people.
Have you found that
to be the case?
>>ELIZABETH: Definitely.
I mean, some of them had
books out and were just
so well-known, reputable.
From researching
them, they were some
of the best doctors
ever, even the ones
who weren't as well-known.
One had a radio show
and was really helping--
>>NOORY: Uh-oh!
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
--and was helping
so many people.
I just can't say enough
good things about them
with the research.
>>NOORY: Have any of
these cases been solved?
>>ELIZABETH: Well, the
first one-- Dr. Bradstreet,
who definitely used GcMAF--
is still under investigation.
He was the one found
with the gunshot
to his chest in a
river, very mysterious.
>>NOORY: And they
think it was suicide?
>>ELIZABETH: Well,
they said it--
>>NOORY: Who shoots
themself in the chest--
>>ELIZABETH: In the chest.
It has not been--
>>NOORY: --with a shotgun.
>>ELIZABETH: Oh yeah.
I think a local somebody
said it might be.
But no, I did an exclusive
interview with the family.
They've only talked with me.
We did put that online.
And it has not been ruled yet.
It is still under investigation.
And the person who
made the early call,
it was just kind of a guess.
He said, may be apparent.
But it has not been
officially ruled on.
With Teresa Sievers-- who
was murdered in her home with
a hammer, is what
they're saying on CBS--
>>NOORY: Nice.
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
They were two arrests just in
the last matter of days, just
a couple of days-- that
these men supposedly
knew her husband.
But one, literally, called
himself "The Hammer"
on his Facebook profile.
And--
>>NOORY: I heard
about that case.
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
So--
>>NOORY: One was apparently
a friend of the husband.
>>ELIZABETH: A friend of
the husband since childhood.
>>NOORY: That's a bizarre story.
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
And one even had a few
hammer jokes on his site.
Some feel that it's stage.
Some feel-- they're hoping
they really caught the guys.
But there's so many intricacies.
The local sheriff said,
there's way more involved,
and books and movies
will be made about it
when it all comes out.
So we don't know.
>>NOORY: Where is that case?
>>ELIZABETH: That is in
Florida, where I live.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah,
it's in Naples area.
>>NOORY: Are you
scared personally?
>>ELIZABETH: Well,
they did do this.
Somebody put out of fake--
this CIA hit list, which I
know-- I don't think was real.
But somebody took the
time to put it together.
And my name was on
it with the doctors
as well as a holistic doctor--
I won't mention his name-- who
I've been with six years.
We've been--
>>NOORY: Was my name on there?
>>ELIZABETH: It wasn't.
I was one of the only people who
wasn't a doctor who was listed.
And I've had some strange--
not outright threats--
but, I'm going to take you
down, and some strange threats
coming my way.
>>NOORY: From, you
think, sick people?
Or "them"?
>>ELIZABETH: I wonder--
some I think are just--
>>NOORY: A lot of
sick people out there.
>>ELIZABETH: --sick people.
A lot of sick people
write strange things.
But I have that gut feeling
that, perhaps, someone
or person or persons involved
may have contacted me
or commented at some
point on my pages.
>>NOORY: Are you going to
stop doing what you're doing?
>>ELIZABETH: I'm going to
keep telling the truth.
I just feel that it
was the right thing
to do-- that's just how I
am-- to get the word out
there and tell the truth.
But be cautious.
But I'm going to keep doing it.
>>NOORY: Have you
gotten to the point
yet where holistic
doctors-- and there must
be hundreds of thousands of
them in this country-- are
contacting you with stories
of possible involvement
on their own lives?
>>ELIZABETH: I have
had a few contact
me that have had
strange things happen.
One said, numerous times, their
computer systems went down
or their numbers were all
erased from their phone.
And that actually
happened to my phone.
Which some it surprised me,
because it hit close to home.
And some are little
fearful, or their spouses
are fearful and contact me.
And they're taking
extra precautions,
legally carrying a weapon.
>>NOORY: Well, I
actually thought
that, when you were
on my radio show,
your phone was going
to get clipped.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Because that's
happened, when I've
had controversial guests on.
All of a sudden, they're gone.
They're just gone.
>>ELIZABETH: Wow, yeah.
>>NOORY: And it's a
weird, weird situation.
>>ELIZABETH: Scary, yeah.
>>NOORY: We've got a phone call
for you from Cedric in New York
who wants to ask
you a question--
>>ELIZABETH: Sure.
>>NOORY: --about this.
So let's listen in.
>>AUDIENCE: Erin,
can you tell me
if your research has
determined anything
that the dead doctors
might have in common?
>>NOORY: So there's that common
denominator question again,
Erin.
What's there?
>>ELIZABETH: Besides the
fact that they were holistic
and-- I mean, we
knew several of them.
And if we didn't
know them, we seem
to have friends who know them.
So besides this, they were in
a pretty small-knit community,
a lot of them are
well-known holistic doctors.
I would say that GcMAF
or the cannabis oil
or some of their
methods that they
used in their practice--
that might be the link.
And the GcMAF-- and I can't
say this definitively,
but-- was working.
Parents have come
out by the droves,
saying that their
child is better
from diagnosed autism
because of that
or that cannabis oil
or their treatments.
So some of the
controversial treatments,
I think that's the main thing.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>ELIZABETH: And they were
similar or the same treatments
that more and more--
>>NOORY: Explain the Gc.
>>ELIZABETH: With the GcMAF--
and I'm not a scientist,
I'm a journalist.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ELIZABETH: But
what it would do
is it can go in--
we have nagalase
in our body which, if you had
high levels could cause cancer.
They're saying could
increase the chance
of autism of
children-- increased
the amount who have autism.
And the GcMAF goes in
there and, from my--
>>NOORY: It just
dissolves it away?
>>ELIZABETH: It has to
do with the macrophages--
or some say "macro-phay-zhes."
But whatever it does, it
kills those cells and--
>>NOORY: What is it though?
Is it--
>>ELIZABETH: It's made from
either human blood or bovines.
So I know, in the
past, when it was
legal in the United States,
doctors who had used
it to help, even on themselves.
There are a few doctors--
>>NOORY: Is it injectable?
>>ELIZABETH: --with cancer.
Yes, it's injectable.
So they would inject the GcMAF.
And they had amazing results
with people getting better
from cancer, with children
getting better from autism.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah, it's--
>>NOORY: What?
Are they afraid that we're
going to have a cure for cancer?
--a cheap cure for cancer?
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah, yeah.
That could definitely be
a definite possibility.
>>NOORY: See, I've
always thought,
they make more money in the
treatment than in the cure.
Why cure a disease when you
can make billions treating it?
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
And I think they're
getting scared.
Because even
mainstream is saying--
there was a PBS
article, "Does chemo
help us live longer
or a better life?"
I mean, they're
questioning it now.
And I think that
could definitely
scaring some parties.
>>NOORY: Did you know
any of these doctors
prior to them getting
killed or dying?
>>ELIZABETH: I knew of many
of them and had met a few
at conferences, and--
>>NOORY: They seemed
like nice people?
>>ELIZABETH: Oh, they were--
>>NOORY: I mean, not depressed?
Not suicidal?
>>ELIZABETH: No, not at all.
Like with Dr. Bradstreet, it
came as a huge shock to people
that that would happen.
Or Dr. Gonzales who just
suddenly dropped dead.
Like I said, he
was saying that he
had heard Big Pharma
wanted him hit by a bus.
I mean, he was getting
that word out there up
till his last interview he
did, saying that over and over.
But it was not as mysterious,
except he dropped dead.
And it was a shock.
And even his clinic said that
he was healthy, that it was just
a complete shock.
So yeah, the ones we knew were
not suffering a depression.
And it's really
shocking to hear things.
>>NOORY: Princess Diana
wrote that she believed
her husband was going to have
her killed in an automobile
accident.
Everybody laughed at that.
Look what happened to her.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Lots of strange
things going out there.
We have another
call from Michelle,
in an undisclosed location.
Let's listen in.
>>AUDIENCE: I'm wondering what
percentage of the deceased
are holistic doctors.
>>NOORY: So what about that?
>>ELIZABETH: Well,
definitely it's the majority.
If I had to sit
and count, I could.
But I could say it's definitely
the majority, over 50%.
I think, off the
top of my head, 70%.
But I'd have to
look to be certain.
But it is the majority.
We have a few, like the one
who was found in Wisconsin, who
wasn't known to be holistic.
And another one
murdered in his home
who we're not sure if he was
holistic or not, in Florida.
But the majority were holistic.
>>NOORY: And there
was a dentist who's
decided to go
holistic too, right?
>>ELIZABETH: The
dentist was outspoken,
holistic, was only 41,
was in perfect health.
And also, his best friend--
even his fraternity brother,
had to know him 20 years--
had said it didn't add up.
That he ate a perfect diet,
was very vocal, outspoken,
and was training
for a half marathon
and found dead on
the side of the road.
>>NOORY: That's bizarre.
That's really bizarre.
What can the public
do to help someone
like you, as we investigate
more of these cases?
And there are probably
going to be more.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah,
that's a good question.
I think that, as
far as the public,
I always appreciate when
they alert me to articles
or write me.
Some of the family members
have written me of the doctors.
But it's also for
the general public--
I don't want them
to live in fear.
But if they have a family
member who is a holistic doctor,
just to--
>>NOORY: Be alert?
>>ELIZABETH: --be cautious.
>>NOORY: Just be cautious.
>>ELIZABETH: Just be
alert, cautious, be aware.
Yes.
So I don't want--
>>NOORY: Hide, like my niece.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah, I know.
And I think others are
probably doing that as well.
And I don't want to cause,
like, a pandemonium.
But on the other hand, I
want people to be cautious.
Because even after I started
writing on Dr. Bradstreet,
we had more doctors
that we knew die.
So--
>>NOORY: See, I thought for
a moment she was paranoid.
Because she was
doing this before we
knew about all
these dead doctors.
>>ELIZABETH: Oh, wow.
>>NOORY: And then,
all of a sudden,
she started talking
about a couple of them.
And she knew.
She knew what was going
on, and off she went.
These doctors, of
course, are looking
for alternative
treatments for things
that mainstream medicine
either doesn't try to solve
or does it in a poor way.
One of these, of course, is
called Morgellons disease--
which we've done numerous
radio shows on-- which
is an affliction
that the CDC says,
it's up in people's heads.
>>ELIZABETH: Right.
>>NOORY: And these
people say, no, there's
something happening to me.
I can feel things
crawling under my skin.
I can see fibers that are
growing out of my body.
What's going on
with these people?
What have you discovered
about Morgellons?
>>ELIZABETH: Well,
I didn't realize
that the phrase hadn't been
coined until 2002, by a mother.
So you probably know all that.
>>NOORY: Very recently.
>>ELIZABETH: Yes, so it's
been in recent years.
And I discovered that her
husband was an internist.
And of course, since
their own child
had this Morgellons syndrome
and all the symptoms,
they did research and, then, had
laboratories testing the fibers
or the filaments that were
coming out of people's skins.
And you know how they
just brush that away
and say, oh, it's
just the cotton
fibers from their shirts.
But the thing is, they're
finding those are otherworldly.
They cannot figure out
what the fibers are.
>>NOORY: What they are, yeah.
>>ELIZABETH: Because I
didn't realize that the FBI,
they can tell you from this
carpet on the ground what--
if I took a fiber home with me--
>>NOORY: Where it was made!
>>ELIZABETH: Where it was
made, the manufacturer.
Yet, they have every fiber
listed and categorized.
Yet, they cannot figure out
where these fibers are coming
from.
They're not fibers
from a cotton sweater.
>>NOORY: Can you imagine
creepy-crawly things
under your skin?
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah, it's really--
>>NOORY: Yuck!
>>ELIZABETH: I know.
It's--
>>NOORY: These people
must be going crazy.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah, it's
pretty frightening.
And then, you have
celebrities like Joni Mitchell
who said that she
feels like it's
a disease from outer space.
That was her quote on it.
>>NOORY: It may be.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah, I know.
Yeah, that's another theory.
>>NOORY: It may be.
Is there are a big
organization for Morgellons?
Are people able to
combine themselves
and try to fight this?
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah, there is.
The woman who, in 2002 kind
of coined the phrase-- they
have a site out there.
And I could get the
name for the viewers.
And there are
thousands-- I had read,
at one count, a 1/4 million
people around the world who
are experiencing
these challenges
or say they have Morgellons.
>>NOORY: It's got to destroy
their lives, you know.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah, I know.
>>NOORY: I mean, my god--
>>ELIZABETH: Oh,
I feel for them.
>>NOORY: --to have an affliction
that nobody takes care of.
And then, to have them
say, it's in your head.
>>ELIZABETH: Oh yeah.
And yet, if they get
a Western blot line
test to test for borrelia, which
are the spirochetes with Lyme--
which also, it
used to be, people
thought that was in
their head as well.
This is even on
Mayo Clinic's site.
They say that there is a tie.
There is a link with
Lyme and Morgellons.
And actually, the majority
of people who have Morgellons
test positive for Lyme.
So that gives some--
>>NOORY: Hm, that's
an interesting clue.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah,
so we don't know.
And some believe that
they're tied together
and that it's a
manifestation of the Lyme
that's coming through the skin,
or they could be connected.
>>NOORY: There's another
affliction out there
that seems to be growing--
I don't want to say,
in popularity.
But it's growing.
It's called
necrotizing fasciitis.
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
>>NOORY: Is that the
skin-eating disease
that we hear so much about?
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
>>NOORY: Somebody
goes into a lake--
>>ELIZABETH: The skin-eating--
>>NOORY: --and all of a sudden,
they're being eaten alive.
They've lost their
arms, their legs.
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
>>NOORY: What the heck is this?
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
It's also the skin-eating or
the flesh-eating bacteria.
And it's caused by a
few different bacterias.
And one is strep and
one is the vibrio.
And what I discovered
in my research
was pretty interesting.
I'd send it to a
scientist friend-- a few--
and they said, wow!
And what people don't realize--
it's not only caused by strep.
Like, people will have a cut on
their leg and get it in a lake.
But in Florida, we had
a couple, three people
die in a year in
our small county.
So they're also contracting
it from the ocean.
So that's scary.
You know--
>>NOORY: Primarily, it's
in the water, right?
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
So in my research, I
discovered that it's not
just the strep bacteria.
It's also vibrio.
But with the BP
oil disaster-- we
don't like to call it a spill,
since it was the biggest
spill ever.
It was a huge disaster.
They had the tar balls
tested after that.
And this vibrio bacteria was,
they said, 10 to 100 times
higher in these tar balls.
And I wonder, since five
years ago during that spill,
since there are
published studies
that show that the tar balls
had huge amounts of vibrio.
And since vibrio can lead
to necrotizing fasciitis--
if people aren't
going in the ocean--
like a man this year
said he went into--
>>NOORY: Sure.
And it's probably spread
all over the place.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
He's gone into the Gulf.
He was healthy.
And even adrenal insufficiency--
it doesn't have to be, like,
renal failure or anything.
You could just have
adrenal insufficiency--
according to the
published studies--
and go into the
water, get the vibrio.
And then, you could get
necrotizing fasciitis.
And it has gone up
since the BP oil spill.
You wonder what we've
done to the ocean.
>>NOORY: Let's be a
little graphic here.
>>ELIZABETH: OK.
>>NOORY: Somebody goes into
a lake, they have a cut.
Let's say that this
bacteria gets in.
What happens to them?
>>ELIZABETH: Well-- and again,
not a scientist-- but it
attacks all the layers.
So it will attack
the skin, the muscle,
all the different layers.
>>NOORY: Do they
get inflamed first?
Or--
>>ELIZABETH: It'll start
to eat, literally--
there could always be some,
like, strep A in the water.
But if they have a
reaction, then it
will start to eat the skin.
And--
>>NOORY: It thrives on skin?
>>ELIZABETH: I think
that's a good question.
It just, for whatever
reason, it will eat--
>>NOORY: I'm thinking of, like,
a little Pac-Man, just going--
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah,
it's kind of like that.
And unfortunately, if
someone doesn't get treatment
right away-- and
even if they do--
they can still have
limbs amputated.
>>NOORY: Is there
treatment for it?
>>ELIZABETH: Well,
there's a treatment
that they're still
not allowed to use,
that has been around for years.
This is a medical treatment that
is used for wound-cleansing.
And they're saying it's
having some luck with the NF.
But also, for many years,
they'd had natural treatments.
And some of these names of
some of the things sound
like a witch's brew.
But it makes sense that,
before hospitals, when maybe it
would be even back to
indigenous people--
would get into the
water, have a cut,
and they would have
a reaction-- they
have a list of all sorts
of these natural treatments
that they would use.
And they were getting
the people better
without having to
amputate their limbs.
So some people are looking
into those natural techniques.
>>NOORY: Yeah, there
was a case of a girl,
I think, who had her
arms amputated, right?
--because of this.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah,
I saw that one.
I think she was a zip-lining
and fell, went into the water.
>>NOORY: Just fell
into the water.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah, had a--
>>NOORY: Cut herself.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah,
young healthy girl.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Who would know?
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah, it's scary.
So I hope that they find an
alternative to the amputations,
so that maybe she could
have kept those limbs.
And even if it was--
that's fine, like you said.
I believe in certain elements
of Western medicine too,
as well as alternative-- if this
wound-cleansing solution, which
is actually an acid, were
able to go in and stop the NF,
stop it from spreading and
they could save their limbs.
Or go back to the ancient
remedies that could be used.
It's better than
losing multiple limbs.
>>NOORY: I mean,
can you imagine,
Erin, somebody coming home after
a little outing at the lake,
and all of a sudden
getting sick with-- I
assume it starts off
looking like a rash.
And then, off it goes.
And a doctor says, we
need to amputate your leg.
What?
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
I came across several
cases where they actually
amputated all four.
So there are no hands or--
>>NOORY: Would you want to live?
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah, I
don't know that I would.
>>NOORY: I don't think I would.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah, I
don't know that I would.
>>NOORY: Sadly, I just
don't think I would.
If they cut your two legs
off and your two arms off,
and you were so used
to living with them--
I just wouldn't want to be in
bed somewhere, that somebody's
nursing.
>>ELIZABETH: Right.
You would definitely be--
>>NOORY: I couldn't do it.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: So that's very sad.
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
>>NOORY: What's science
doing about this?
>>ELIZABETH: Well, besides
the wound-cleansing,
it seems like that's the
only thing that I had seen.
>>NOORY: Do they
admit it's real?
>>ELIZABETH: Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>ELIZABETH: At least with
the NF, oh yeah, they--
>>NOORY: Unlike Morgellons.
>>ELIZABETH: Unlike
Morgellons, the CDC
will list-- like, that's how I
found out, in our own county,
three had died, I think
it was just in one year.
Last year, three had died in
our small, beach-side community.
>>NOORY: So it's in the
water there somewhere.
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
And it can be in brackish water.
But what gets scary is if
it were in the salt water.
Because you could
avoid, maybe, the lakes.
OK, you're not going
to go on the lakes.
But you--
>>NOORY: It's everywhere.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
And it can be young people,
young healthy people.
>>NOORY: Too bad you
can't bleach it to death
or something, you know?
>>ELIZABETH: Well, it's
interesting you say that.
Because the wound-cleanser--
and from what
I could understand quickly
reading about this,
that was an acid.
They said, it's similar to
how chlorine reacts in water.
>>NOORY: A-hah!
>>ELIZABETH: So I think
it's funny you say that.
Because that's what they're
trying to do with this.
But they can't get, I'm
sure, FDA permission yet
to use it for NF.
But I think it's a better
alternative than amputation.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
And they should do that fast.
>>ELIZABETH: Yes.
>>NOORY: My gosh.
So let's talk a little
bit about Health Nut News
and what you do with that.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Go ahead.
>>ELIZABETH: I'd started the
site not even two years ago.
And it was just to get
information out to the people,
as far as weight loss or
new studies coming out,
like, on fluoride, where they're
saying it causes obesity--
>>NOORY: Smart, yeah.
>>ELIZABETH: --and ADD.
And it was really to not
talk about such, maybe,
scary subjects as
we've discussed.
>>NOORY: It's real.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Life is scary.
So I've just enjoyed--
now, I've been
forced to make more
YouTube videos,
with the doctor stories.
Because people want it.
So now, I want to
have a nice balance
and do more positive videos.
Because I realize that
people just need basic--
they want basic
health information.
And even if they're
not a health nut--
but they want to
know about, like, OK,
how can I go more organic?
How can I stop using chemicals
in my home or on my body?
And so, I'm doing more
videos, which has been fun
and, finally, gotten
over being camera shy.
>>NOORY: Are you starting
to get recognized?
Are you getting some
recognition wherever you go?
>>ELIZABETH: I hadn't
before these stories
the last few
months, very rarely.
But now, yes.
>>NOORY: Good.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah,
that's interesting.
>>NOORY: But you're
doing a great job.
And you need--
>>ELIZABETH: Thank you.
>>NOORY: --to do that.
How did you come
up with the name?
Health Nut News.
>>ELIZABETH: I figured
that I just would always
call myself a health nut.
And I'd made this parody
video about stuff.
We called it something
else, another S-word
that health nuts say.
And it was kind of a
tongue-in-cheek video.
And I thought, you
know, I'm a health nut.
But I can't quite
come up with it.
And I thought, well, I want to
bring them the latest breaking
news too.
And it was available.
So I thought it sounded--
>>NOORY: And do you give
people newsletters or just
the website?
What do you do?
>>ELIZABETH: I have
the newsletters.
And I give my book away free.
I've never charged from it--
>>NOORY: You give
your books away free?
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
I wrote a book on--
>>NOORY: E-books?
>>ELIZABETH: I
have a e-book on--
>>NOORY: Good.
>>ELIZABETH: --significant
weight loss, overcoming Lyme.
>>NOORY: Because you'd go broke
if you published it and gave it
away on paper for free.
>>ELIZABETH: Right.
Yeah.
So I figured that
would-- it did get
a lot of people, every
day, that are signing up
for the newsletter, because
they also want the book, which
I give away for free.
And I'm happy-- I wasn't sure
what reaction I would get.
But i get a lot of letters.
That's the thing.
The increase in letters, 1,000--
>>NOORY: It's growing.
>>ELIZABETH: --a week, which
is hard to keep up with,
with health questions.
But also thanking me that the
book has really helped them.
>>NOORY: After you were
on "Coast to Coast,"
did you see an increase?
>>ELIZABETH: Yes, definitely.
Oh yeah.
That was--
>>NOORY: And you were only
on just a brief moment.
>>ELIZABETH: Oh yeah.
I still, I think, every day
or week, have new people say,
hey, you know, that's
how they found me.
So I appreciate that.
You have a lot of
fans out there.
>>NOORY: Outside of the doctors,
what's the hot topic right now?
>>ELIZABETH: [SIGHS]
That's a good question.
With natural health, I would
say, off the top of my head--
I think with
autoimmune disorders.
I think that, really, people
are-- and Morgellons aside--
but whether it be
thyroid, adrenal fatigue.
There's a movement where
people were, for so long,
trying to-- if they have
a weight gain-- they
want they want to work it off by
running so hard, going so fast.
And I think we're trying
to get the point now
where we're slowing down.
And I'm doing videos on--
if people have any adrenal
fatigue, jogging and
running really fast isn't--
>>NOORY: That's pretty
common, by the way.
>>ELIZABETH: Oh yeah.
It's very common.
I get people every day who
write me, thyroid issues
or the hypothyroidism.
And so, they are saying,
look, I'm running and running.
I'm not eating.
And I'm still not losing weight.
And so, what I think the new
trend is, is eating healthy.
You can still eat.
But also, slow down.
Do yoga, Pilates, meditation.
Find whatever your
spiritual beliefs are.
And as you slow
down, you'll find--
and that's how it happened for
me-- that the weight comes off.
And I think we're
moving towards that,
instead of the
aerobics of the '80s
and faster, quicker, harder.
>>NOORY: Would you
be surprised, Erin,
if tomorrow it's dead doctor
number 11 or 12 or 13?
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah, I wish
I could say I would be.
But it wouldn't
surprise me if we--
>>NOORY: Do you expect more?
>>ELIZABETH: I'm
hoping-- every day,
I say and I write to people
that I hope there are no more.
So I don't want to say
that I'm expecting it.
But it wouldn't
come as a surprise
if there were more
added to the list.
>>NOORY: I wonder if
there's just, like,
a set group of hit
people who've been
hired to take these people out.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah,
well even in the case
of Teresa Sievers-- who
was an outspoken holistic
MD in Florida.
And we had many
friends in common.
>>NOORY: That's a strange story.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
The hammer man-- they say,
some called him a hit man.
But the husband
hasn't been arrested.
So then the big
question is, why?
If it was him, why?
What was the motive?
>>NOORY: What's his motive?
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
So still researching.
And it weighs heavy on my mind.
I'll sit up thinking
about it sometimes.
>>NOORY: What can we do to
help publicize this for you
beyond just these
kinds of interviews?
Where you can get more and
more people contacting you,
saying, hey, I think our
holistic doctor was just killed
or something.
I mean, what's the lag time in
hearing about these stories?
>>ELIZABETH: Usually
within a day or so.
Sometimes before it hits the
news, people will contact me.
And I was surprised that even
people from mainstream news
were writing me, that they have
a relative who follows my site.
That's when I knew that,
obviously, I had millions
in a month on the site.
So even mainstream news was
contacting me and telling
me things before they happen.
So there's not a long lag time.
But I think it's
just to be aware.
If somebody sees that
a doctor has died,
especially if they
were holistic--
>>NOORY: Find out who they
were and how they died.
>>ELIZABETH: Yeah.
And they're welcome to contact
me with that information.
And I think, again,
just to be aware.
But to tell people
not to be frightened.
If they're a holistic
doctor, if they're
going to stay in practice, I
don't want to scare people out
of the profession.
But just to take precautions.
And as far as the general
public, again, just
to be aware.
And if they see more deaths
happening to let people
know about it.
>>NOORY: What a story.
I wanted to shake
your hand goodbye.
But with us talking
about Morgellons
and necrotizing fasciitis--
>>ELIZABETH: I know.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: I don't
want to touch you.
>>ELIZABETH: I know.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Even though
I'm sure you're fine.
>>ELIZABETH: Right.
Yeah, no sores.
Knock wood.
>>NOORY: All right.
And give out the website again.
>>ELIZABETH: HealthNutNews.com.
>>NOORY: All right.
Erin, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>ELIZABETH: Thank you, George.
I'm honored.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: You know,
we're going to continue
tracking these stories
of these doctors that
are dying or disappearing.
Because it is truly a tragedy.
We will always cover stories
on Morgellons and NF,
this new bacterial disease
that we're hearing about.
We're going to keep
our eyes on that too.
I'm George Noory.
And you be safe,
watching "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]